What is emotional Intelligence?

	- 'The ability to monitor one's own and other's feelings and emotions, to discriminate among them and to use this information to guides one's thinking and actions' -Salvoey and Mayer 1990

How is EQ different to IQ?

	- While IQ is in relation to your logical reasoning, problem solving and Analytical skills, EQ refers to your aptitude for understanding and managing emotions, empathising with others and building effective interpersonal relationships. 

Why is EQ important?

	- The three primary benefits of strengthening EQ: Stellar Performance, Outstanding Leadership and Happiness.

------------------------------

What is your long term goal or career pathway?

 I want to create a successful business in the tech industry whether a consultancy or anything. 

A description of you strengths and weaknesses limitations when it comes to learning

	- Once I start succeeding, I have a strong urge to continue pushing
	- I love working things out, to the point I can be relentless 
	

	- If I fail once it can begin to affect my drive to move forward.
	- Once I get comfortable I can begin to slack off

What skills (non-technical/human skills) would you like to see developed in yourself while at Dev Academy? 

	I would like my work ethic to be improved and my thirst to improve skyrocket. I would like my mindset to be more growth oriented. To never be too comfortable.

A commitment to how you will manage your workload in this programme. This should include:

	An explanation of how you will manage yourself to work productively and safely with other 		learners, Facilitators and industry/community representatives
	What you will do when things are building up and starting to get to you

	While at the current moment I can slack off a bit if I get comfortable with my own learning, whenever I am in group work or I am working along side people I hate letting them down so I work my hardest so I am not a hinderance to others, in fact I prefer to be part of the leading force that drives the team. I also know that people work a different paces and learn different ways so I understanding that making space for that is important. When things get intense or emotions get high I first check myself that I'm thinking rationally and then begin to see if I can make sure the situation gets handled.

A commitment as to how and where you will seek help in a timely way

I will reach out as soon as I am sure that I can't figure out the solution ( I give that problem at least a couple hours before I contact someone)

A description of what you expect from the Facilitation team

I hope for help across all my issues, as well as advice on anything I need.

Any scheduling information such as block-out times when you are committed to other things. For example, you might have whānau commitments like school drop-offs. It's important to plan these in.

I'm terrible with time management unless I schedule things in, so I began scheduling in everything, my work, my gym time, when I clean, helping out the family.

---------------------

Similarities

Boarders, padding's, and margins are ways to create spaces between the contents of the box
And the surrounding elements. The reason why they aren't all the same is because they allow 
For the manipulation of varying effects.

Differences 

How they differentiate are as follows: The space between content and the boarders itself is called padding. The boarder is the outside and can be styled, with colours and other effects. The margin is what keeps boxes from each other. 